shake shake shake shake shake shake
shake shake
shake my
I
find me your makers makers of what poop
can you spell it's very tired of how to
spell a long word yesterday we can spell
difficulty you couldn't spell difficulty
if your life depended on it she tired us
with a poem a poem how afraid what power
would that be I why are all these women
marriage mrs. D mrs. I you're supposed
to be teaching spelling not poetry got
no food you got no jobs our pets Heather
followed up oh you got some pie can I
have a piece uh sure who let me have
some of that cool whip what do you say
you can't have a pie without cool whip
cool whip whip yeah you mean cool whip
yeah cool whip cool whip ku-klip cool
whip coo wit you're saying it weird why
are you putting so much emphasis on the
H you talk about just saying it cool
whip you put cool whip on pie pie tastes
better with cool whip hey whip whip now
say cool whip cool whip cool whip cool
whip cool whip cool if you're eating
hair you're getting your wishes so
that's the sponge Pat to sponge testing
testing testing testing testing testing
testing testing testing testing oh just
tuck
for your rude bunch too bad I read you
loud and clear over Do You Know Who I am
no I can't say that I do I don't know
how to put this but i'm kind of a big
deal and you are one pathetic loser Oh
Dorry do you see anything ah something's
not make me I'm screwed who's that dad
who could it be it's me oh are you my
conscience would race machine what are
you doing what do you do know what are
you doing what are you doing know what I
don't like what are you doing capping
using the captain of this ship is given
orders much it makes me baby my
chart that makes you Chapman Michaels I
see you got fat so you still look like a
15 year old girl but not hot you crushed
my dream dream I haven't had one of
those in years zipper Chad zip it or
I'll punch you in your crap lousy face
this ends tonight they time you do so
computer what are you thinking about
right now Stewie
shut
shake shake shake shake